0.7
Minecraft version updated to 1.12.2
Forge updated to latest recommended
Fix mana/burnout bars desyncing
Change all hard-coded strings to lang file
Add hints to nacre pearls about quality
Move all mana and fire recipes to their own new json systems so they're customizable
Unicorns actually drop their horns now. I know. Amazing.
Fix structure error indicating particles in crafting plate
Fix flipped advancements
Input pearl now is properly eaten up by the crafting plate
Fix all the asm. Time slow, phase, and freeze spells now work PERFECTLY!
Replace fire recipe handling with a new system that doesn't actually cripple your world.
If liblib is not available, forge now tells you instead of crashing and you reporting the crash to us...
Crafting plate animations are now more visually descriptive
Reduce network load from the mana bars
Potentially fix the book's scrambled text

0.6.2
update liblib to prevent crash
fix server sided crash
auto-fix stairs in structures. (this made structure unbuildable to a lot of people)
add oredict for wisdom sticks

0.6.1
NOTE: Please delete/replace your mana batteries, crafting plates, halos and mana orbs to adjust to the new mana numbers.
Redo crafting plate code. It no longer re-renders the whole chunk every single tick. Using liblib animation system now.
Changed structure rendering to be easier to follow + added structure error highlighting.
mana storage changed. It's now in the player rather than the halos. Halos are now "antennae" of mana. Use mana syringes to fuel yourself up while a cheap haloInv is equipped. Mana orbs no longer right-clickable.
Completely rebalance mana numbers. (Please replace all your current items and blocks to adjust to the new system)
Fixed underworld teleportation. No longer kills you.
Removed wisdom wood planks from oredict to support our wisdom sticks recipe.
Improved pearl /give command. Added names for a pearl's quality. (ex: apex pearl = best quality)
Added duration to zone's applicable modifier list
Make devil dust crafting not destroy server performance + fixed particle syncing.
Cape textures are now varied. Special players get their own capes.
Fixed version checker disabling in the config not working.
Update book jsons to preview text properly.