0.8.5
Book crashes fixed... why does everything use the Mana Orb...

0.8.4
Glass and Mana Orbs split into two items again. Reset fluid recipes again, as they have changed to mirror this.
Config crash fixed.
Multiple fluid recipes of the same type can now occur at once.
Fluid recipes with no duration that don't consume their liquids now run all at once. This can be disabled by setting the new "instant" recipe flag to false.

0.8.3
Another internal update, DELETE YOUR WIZARDRY CONFIG FOLER OR RUN /wizardry reset TO UPDATE PROPERLY!
Overhauled spell creation, your existing spells are possibly broken again.
Book now opens in your hand if it has a spell recipe saved.
Detailed info added to each module about what each modifier does. This is more translation work for you translators!
Mana Orbs have been overhauled, they now visually show their fill levels, as well as have a new look when placed in Pearl Holders.
Mana Orbs can now be refilled, regardless of how much of their mana has been drained.
Modifiers now properly affect everything. Again.
All spells have been rebalanced, many components actually gain more than a tick of duration from a +Time modifier now.
New crafting altar animation, which should actually work for everyone this time!
Added configs allowing you to disable rendering of the various halos and the cape. Will eventually be replaced by a cosmetics system.
Fluid recipes no longer crash on completion.
The "type" field in fluid recipes is no longer required, and defaults to "item".
Various other miscellaneous bugfixes.

0.8.2
Added new Leech spell effect

0.8.1
Fix crash when opening the book

0.8
DELETE YOUR WIZARDRY CONFIG FOLDER OR RUN /wizardry reset TO UPDATE EVERYTHING PROPERLY!!!
JEI SUPPORT! FOR EVERYTHING. AAAAAAAAH.
Overhauled whole spell system. Your existing spells are broken now. *Mod is in alpha*
Overhauled whole book AND documentation. It's now pretty and readable!
Overhauled crafting systems. Burnables and liquid recipes generified & made efficient.
Fixed a compatibility bug with FluxNetworks.
All text is now in en_us.lang. Everything can be properly translated now. EVERYTHING.
Cape now shows level indicator.
Spell system got rebalanced and properly calculates mana/burnout costs.
Crafting plate got less bugs and subsequently more bugs. Also updated visuals. (sort of buggy)
Mana battery now has a recipe. I know. Amazing.
The Real halo now has a TEMPORARY RECIPE ONLY. Once we implement our first boss, it'll be gone.
Fixed a crash with WAWLA. Go blame them, not us.
Updated some components and modifiers.